On a wast, barren Planet, out in god knows where, something out of the ordinary was about to take place. 

Just another mornin on Planet [Name of planet]

Time for Finbo Jones to get up and going. [Maybe add character discription]

Every day, Finbo would be goin on bout his day, gettin up, makin some coffee, before makin his way up the planets lighthouse, which reached all the way out to space.

"Another day, another coffee, gotta get steppin up those stairs soon, gotta check on that bulb"

(making coffee sequence - stepping up the lighthouse sequence)

"All lookin good, lemme just turn on that switch"

(Light turns on, Finbo goes on to do every day tasks) 

[add everyday tasks, maybe minigames to play? Maybe cleaning, making his bed, cook, eat, watch TV??]

Another day comes and Finbo goes about his day as always.

"Another day, another coffee, gotta get steppin up those stairs soon, gotta check on that bulb"

(making coffee sequence - stepping up the lighthouse sequence)

"All lookin good like every day, lemme just turn on that switch"

(nothing happens)

"What in tunation?! Something's'off with that bulb, gotta take a closer look"

(checks lightbulb, it's broken)

"That never happened before. What to do now?"

Either Choice: Do nothing / Check lightbulb


Choice Do nothing:

After a week of doing nothing a giant spaceship flies into the planet destroying it completely.


Choice check lightbulb:

(checking unscrewed lightbulb, noticing something written on the bulb)

"What's that? Something scribbled there. Can't read it tho. Guess I'll be headin out to find me someone who can read me that mumbo jumbo I`sppose"

(Unnecessary long sequence of Finbo going down stairs)

(makes his way outside notices a space horse standing there)

H: "Why the long face? Nyehehehe!"

FJ: "Darn tootin, a space horse, pretty big those fellas, aren't they, might come in handy"

(mounts horse)

FJ: "Go now!"

(Horse does not move)

FJ: "Giddyup now!"

(Horse does not move)

FJ: "Walk, now!" 

(Horse does not move)

FJ: "Alright then"

(Get's off horse and walks off)

So Finbo Jones, for the first time in his life, stepped out of his lighthouse area and made it to the dessert, nothing but sand can be seen, except for one thing, one singular cactus in the distance. 


