Finbo Jones decides to walk into a small town, all the folks staring at him while he walks around trying to find somebody to talk to, but none of the residents seem interested
in conversing with him

FJ: "What a godforsaken town, and a unfriendly one at that."

(sudden beep sounds in the distance can be heard)

Random town folk: "Goodness gracious(By the heavens?), run, he's comin"

FJ: "What y'all talkin bout?"

(All the towns people hastily make their way into their houses and lock their doors, causing quite a ruckus, some daringly peekin out of the windows to see what might happen)

(The beep noises get louder and closer, suddenly some shadowy figure can be seen on the horizon, slowly coming closer)

FJ: "Who walks there?"

Shadowy figure (deep voice): "What do we have here, someone walkin the streets like they own the place, right when the legendary Wyatt Murdock comes to town. 
                              Speak your name, boy?"

FJ: "Finbo Jones, mister, that's what ma mama named me, may she rest in peas"

WM: "That's one awful name, makes me laugh" (laughs but it sounds awfully funny, he is finally revealed, lookin like a clown in a cowboy outfit, red hair, clown make-up,
     clownshoes and all) [add more detailed description]

FJ: "Now that's a funny laugh, mister. And what's with dem clothes, lookin quite, how do folks say, fancy?"

WM: "What did ya just say, boy? I will show you what's funcy" (wants to pull out gun but it is a bouquet of flowers squirting some water into his face) "urgh oh fudge!"

FJ: "Hahaha am loosin ma scales"

WM: "I will make ya loose all of em!" (face red in anger, clown make up now angry looking as well, aims gun at FJ and pulls trigger, but instead of a bullet going off a
     flag comes out, reading 'Bang')

FJ: "What's that now mister? What does it even say?"

WM: (grunts) "What do I know, I can't read this... Gol-dernit!, are ya makin fun of me, son?!"

FJ: "Well, that makes us two, can't read either mister, am lookin for someone who can, actually."

WM: "Someone who can read all that mambo jambo? hmm... Ma cousin, he can read, he lives [behind that darn mountain] over there. Weird fella he is, makin no sense, with all dem 
     stuffs he makes." (points at a direction [that has several mountain like structures] in the distance) 

FJ: "Thank you kindly, I'm gonna moosey along then, tryin findin that cousin of yours, so long, mister why not mermaid" (Finbo starts walking away)

WM: "Dadgummit! It's Wyatt Murdock! You come back here!" (tries to follow but trips over own clownshoes) "CURSE YOU FINBO JONES!!!"

(So Finbo makes his way out of that town and on to a new direction)

