[Maybe make the scorpion barkeep a nationality or/and give him a funny accent??? then I will have to rewrite his lines, also name of barkeep can be changed if needed]

(Finbo Jones wanders around aimlessly for a while until he comes across a lonesome Saloon in the middle of nowhere in this dessert, it looks quite small and kinda shabby from the outside,
it reads [Name of Saloon], Finbo Jones decides to step inside)

(Once inside he realizes that this establishment isn't too shabby at all, it has a nice bar, some tables and seats, a piano in the corner next to the bar, but it seems pretty empty)

Huge figure towering from behind the bar: "Welcome to [Saloon name] mister, where the only thing that stings is our famous worm tequilla, sometimes even twice, what can I fetch ya?"

(Finbo Jones looks up only to notice the barkeep being a huge buff scorpion, with fro some reason one really buff and one pretty thin arm)

FJ: "jumpin' jehoshaphat!, quite the man you are, mister, who made you?"

Scorpion Barkeep: "The name is Pinch, can't say I've ever seen you around here, what gives?"

FJ: "I be lookin for someone"

P: "Everbody be lookin for someone, gotta be more pacific, but also, can I intrest you in our famous dessert worm tequilla? First one's'on the house"

FJ: "Can't say no to that"

(Pinch purrs FJ some of his famous tequilla, which has dessert worms in it) [close up of the drink with dune worms?]

P: "So whom you lookin for, mister?"

FJ: "Been lookin for someone who can do the readin good."

P: "Tough task indeed, not many of dem readin folks left around here, I ain't one of em, sorry to break it to ya"

FJ: "Awe dang it all, where's a fish to find a pond for once"

P: "Yeah, I feel ya. Listen, sumthin else. You see, haven't been havin lots of folks comin round these days, well for many days... would it be too much to ask you fo sumthin mister?"

FJ: "Spit it out barkeep" (takes a sip and spits it out immidiately [literally spitting it out]) "ain't used to worms beein in ma booze, sorry"

P: "Could you recommend this place to folks you come across by chance, it would mean lots to a ol'barkeep who's tryin to make a livin out here, for each new customer one free tequilla"

FJ: "Got it barkeep, can keep dem worms tho. I be headin out then"

P: "Oh, one more thing, that piano over there, some people missin it bein played, t'reason why they come here no more, if you know how to use it, am sure some folks would leave some good
    tips, you'd be free to keep em"

FJ: "Aight, so long"

P: "Happy trails"

(So Finbo Jones makes his way out of the saloon continuing his search for someone who can read him whats on that bulb, also wondering about the barkeeps different sized arms, yet being
too afraid to ask...this time)